Mark Hall, University Writing Center Director: The University Writing Center offers free
one-on-one and small-group consultations for any writing you do while you’re at UCF.
dam Benzekri, peer writing consultant: Tutors work with writers by both the tutor and the writer thinking about the work that has to be done, thinking about the paper,
and thinking about how each person can solve the problem together.
Brianna Williams, peer writing consultant: We’ll spend the first few minutes just discussing the assignment. Before we can even begin reading your paper, we have to understand what exactly you’re trying
to do with your paper, what does your professor want you to do with your paper. Adam: It’s a lot easier than if the writer was at home and thinking,
oh, how do I solve this, if you can bounce off ideas with a tutor.
Nate King, peer writing consultant: So basically what we do is we help you plan, you know, your paper, organize what you already have, or even
[help you learn to] go through and edit or help you with citations.
Brianna: The students that we work with in the writing center will range from either freshman to even like graduate-level to even maybe working on their Ph.D.
Brianna: So a group consultation is basically a consultation that a consultant would have with more than one student. Generally those students would be working on a project
together and as your role as a tutor, you would be facilitating that conversation.
Adam: Writing consultants are peers that are very versed with genres.
Nate: Writing consultants are either graduate students or undergrad students that come in and help you with your writing. A lot of us come from different academic backgrounds; that’s very helpful.
Adam: They don’t necessarily have all this content experience with every single field, every single subject, but they do know how to problem-solve.
Sasha Krawczyk, peer writing consultant: At the UWC, students come in to work on all types of writing. So in one day of working here, I might see someone come in with a Ph.D. dissertation; I might see somebody come in
with an [ENC] 1101 research paper, we might even see Peace Corps applications, resumes, scholarship applications,
Sometimes we even get thank you letters and love letters. So you can see everything in one day.
Sasha: To come to the writing center, students don’t need much of anything. They can come in with just a blank piece of paper and ideas;
they can come in with a textbook that they need to reference; they can come in with a complete draft or a piece of paper that doesn’t have anything on it yet.
So there’s no need for students to come in with tons of writing, but if they feel comfortable coming in with a draft, they can as well.
Mark Hall: The University Writing Center is located on the first floor of Colbourn Hall, which is near the campus bookstore in the John T. Washington Center.
We are also available for online appointments. To learn more about face-to-face and online writing consultations, visit our website
at uwc.ucf.edu. You can also make appointments
through our website by clicking on the TutorTrac button and following the instructions, or by giving us a call.